# EMPTY TEMPLATE

# Project Title

The purpose of our lab is to experience software engineering practices used in industry. Our Mission is to create a library to handle complex numbers within the categories of Basic Arithmetic Tasks, Advanced Mathematical Tasks, and Extensions. 

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

What things you need to install the software and how to install them

```
Give examples
```

### Installing

A step by step series of examples that tell you how to get a development env running

Say what the step will be

```
Give the example
```

And repeat

```
until finished
```

End with an example of getting some data out of the system or using it for a little demo

## Running the tests

Explain how to run the automated tests for this system

### Break down into end to end tests

Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

### And coding style tests

Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

## Deployment

Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system

## Built With

* [GNU Tools](https://www.gnu.org/software/gcc/) - GNU compiler tools
* Any other tools ....


## Structure
``` text
.
├── CMakeLists.txt
├── app
│   └── main.cpp
├── include
│   ├── example.h
│   └── exampleConfig.h.in
├── src
│   └── example.cpp
└── tests
    ├── dummy.cpp
    └── main.cpp
```
The directory tree can be generated by the linux **tree** command.  You may need to add this to the REPL NIX environment (install tree.out).

Sources go in [src/](src/), header files in [include/](include/), main programs in [app/](app), and
tests go in [tests/](tests/) (compiled to `unit_tests` by default).

If you add a new executable, say `app/hello.cpp`, you only need to add the following two lines to [CMakeLists.txt](CMakeLists.txt):

```cmake
add_executable(main app/main.cpp)   # Name of exec. and location of file.
target_link_libraries(main PRIVATE ${LIBRARY_NAME})  # Link the executable to lib built from src/*.cpp (if it uses it).
```

You can find the example source code that builds the `main` executable in [app/main.cpp](app/main.cpp) under the `Build` section in [CMakeLists.txt](CMakeLists.txt).
If the executable you made does not use the library in [src/](src), then only the first line is needed.



## Building

Build by making a build directory (i.e. `build/`), run `cmake` in that dir, and then use `make` to build the desired target.

Example:

```bash
mkdir build && cd build
cmake .. -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=[Debug | Coverage | Release]
make
./main
make test      # Makes and runs the tests.
make coverage  # Generate a coverage report.
make doc       # Generate html documentation.
```

## .gitignore

The [.gitignore](.gitignore) file is a copy of the [Github C++.gitignore file](https://github.com/github/gitignore/blob/master/C%2B%2B.gitignore),
with the addition of ignoring the build directory (`build/`).



## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/b24679402957c63ec426) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/your/project/tags). 

## Authors

* **Billie Thompson** - *Initial work* - [PurpleBooth](https://github.com/PurpleBooth)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/your/project/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
* Inspiration
* etc
